Note that Rune is only in Core 3.x and 5 (#17508)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/base-types/character-encoding-introduction.md

### The Rune type as a scalar value

> The <xref:System.Text.Rune?displayProperty=fullName> type represents a Unicode scalar value in .NET Core 3.x and .NET 5. **`Rune` is not available in .NET Core 2.x or .NET Framework 4.x.**

Reviewer: To make it future-proof?
```suggestion
Beginning with .NET Core 3.0, the <xref:System.Text.Rune?displayProperty=fullName> type represents a Unicode scalar value. **`Rune` is not available in .NET Core 2.x or .NET Framework 4.x.**
```
